It was unclear what to change with an elevator, and goToFloor() seems to not actually be the right method. Instead, it seems like the methods to override are goUp() and goDown(). At the time of writing this, I have a pending question in the slack about whether my interpretation is correct or not. In the end, it turns out that my interpretation was incorrect. I hate trying to understand unclear assignments, but the slack helped.

I overloaded the following methods:
 + For all three subclasses, I created equivilents of the missing-attribute constructors for the parent Building class. They all have constructors with no givens, just the address and just the address and name, with defaults being given for other values. The reason for this, is to allow 'lazy' coding when only some values are needed.
 + For Library and House, the subclasses with elevators, I added two copies of goUp() and goDown(). One version moves up or down by one floor and has no inputs. The other takes a numerical input, the integer number of floors to go up or down by, and only will take an input that is not one if the building has an elevator. This way, code designed for default Buildings still works.
 + For House, there is a constructor that takes no hasElevator OR hasDiningRoom arguments, both of which are default false. This is for the same reason as the other overloads for the constructors.
 + For Cafe, the missing-attribute constructors also take the values of the subclass-specifics. This is because there is no clear default for subclass-specifics and we might want to be lazy about the other inputs but actually specify max inventory.
 + any methods that could be repeated to add or remove multiple people (house) or books (library) have been overloaded to also take lists, to speed up the process. These methods are: moveOut, moveIn, checkOut, returnBook, addTitle, removeTitle